[RHACS] Updated vulnerability management topic (#41193)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/vulnerability-management-accept-risks.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-vulnerabilities.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="vulnerability-management-accept-risks_{context}"]
= Accepting risks

.Prerequisites

> * You must have the `write` permission for the `VulnerabilityManagementRequests` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must have `write` permission for the `VulnerabilityManagementRequests` resource.
```

> To accept risk with or without mitigation:

Reviewer: Is this sentence supposed to be an intro or an abstract? If so, move it above the `.Prerequisites` section and mark it with the [role="_abstract"]. I would also recommend changing it to a full sentence such as: 

The following procedure walks you through how to accept risk with or without mitigation.

.Procedure
. On the RHACS portal, navigate to *Vulnerability Management* -> *Dashboard*.
. On the *Dashboard* view header, select *Images*.
. From the list of images, select the image you already assessed.
. Find the row which lists the CVE you would like to take action on.

> . Click the three dots icon on the right for the CVE you identified and click *Defer CVE*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click {kebab} on the right for the CVE you identified and click *Defer CVE*.
```

Should we use the kebab icon instead of "three dots icon" ? 
https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#inline-images-icons
